Adapter v4.0.0 Release Notes (#561)
nunit/docs: docs/articles/vs-test-adapter/Trace-and-Debug.md

# How to enable Trace and Debug output

> Trace and Debug output is by default not sent to the console output, or anywhere else.  If you want to have this output, you must add your own tracelistener.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Trace and Debug output is by default not sent to the console output, or anywhere else.  If you want to have this output, you must add your own `TraceListener`.
```

> ## Implementing the tracelistener in your code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Implementing the `TraceListener` in your code
```

This is easy to do, and you can do it per assembly, per namespace or per test.  All it takes is to add the necessary initialization of the tracelistener.

To add it to a namespace, place the following class inside that namespace, and it will apply to all tests inside that namespace and below.  The code shown adds the output to console output.  If you like you can change that to another kind of listener.

> ```cs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```csharp
```

Though both are fine, the docs are standardized on `csharp`.

[SetUpFixture]
public class SetupTrace
{
    [OneTimeSetUp]
    public void StartTest()
    {
        Trace.Listeners.Add(new ConsoleTraceListener());
    }

    [OneTimeTearDown]
    public void EndTest()
    {
        Trace.Flush();
    }
}
```

> If you place the code above `outside any namespace` it will apply to the whole assembly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you place the code above outside of any namespace it will apply to the whole assembly.
```

Removing the backticks here as it does not refer to code or an explicit choice as far as I can tell.

> If you just want it to apply to a given test fixture/class, then you just add the `StartTest and EndTest` methods to the given test fixture/class.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you'd like to only apply to a given test fixture/class, you can add the `StartTest and EndTest` methods to the given test fixture/class.
```

Trying to remove "just" style words from the docs.

## Example outputs

> Given the following verbose test

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Given the following verbose test:
```

> ```cs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```csharp
```

        [Test]
        public void Test1()
        {
            Debug.WriteLine("This is Debug.WriteLine");
            Trace.WriteLine("This is Trace.WriteLine");
            Console.WriteLine("This is Console.Writeline");
            TestContext.WriteLine("This is TestContext.WriteLine");
            TestContext.Out.WriteLine("This is TestContext.Out.WriteLine");
            TestContext.Progress.WriteLine("This is TestContext.Progress.WriteLine");
            TestContext.Error.WriteLine("This is TestContext.Error.WriteLine");
            Assert.Pass();
        }
```

> With a tracelistener, the output in Visual Studio Test Explorer is:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With a `TraceListener`, the output in Visual Studio Test Explorer is:
```

> ![Trace Debug output](../../images/TraceDebug1.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Trace Debug output showing the lines outputted by the TraceListener](../../images/TraceDebug1.png)
```
Adding a little more to the caption

> Without the tracelistener, the blocks in red will not be present.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Without the `TraceListener`, the blocks in red will not be present.
```

> Running ``dotnet test -v n`, the output will be:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Running `dotnet test -v n`, the output will be:
```

> ![DotNet Trace Debug output](../../images/TraceDebug2.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![DotNet Trace Debug output showing the lines outputted by the TraceListener](../../images/TraceDebug2.png)
```

## Discussion and source

> This issue have been discussed at [Issue 718](https://github.com/nunit/nunit3-vs-adapter/issues/718) and [Issue 301](https://github.com/nunit/nunit3-vs-adapter/issues/301). Use of tracelistener suggested by [Frans Bouma](https://github.com/FransBouma).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This issue have been discussed at [Issue 718](https://github.com/nunit/nunit3-vs-adapter/issues/718) and [Issue 301](https://github.com/nunit/nunit3-vs-adapter/issues/301). Use of `TraceListener` suggested by [Frans Bouma](https://github.com/FransBouma).
```

I like the way you give a shout-out to Frans here too. 👍
